---
title: "re-renewal"
description: "Unfortunately, I've replaced the blog again."
tags: [{ name: "blog" }, { name: "tech" }]
---

# I renewed my blog again.

Unfortunately, the title of my last blog was "The blog has been relaunched".
It is with great regret that I post this content in my second article more than 9 months after my last post. Also, it is regrettable that I have not updated a single article after writing "write small and grow big.

## Overview

The previous blog was composed of Nuxt 3.x + microCMS. The contents were separated so that the size of the output was less than 1MB, and it was able to be delivered from cloudflare.

This time, I changed the configuration to Nuxt 3.x + nuxt/content. The deliverables are now delivered from vercel because the deliverables exceeded 1MB due to the use of nuxt/content, probably.

## Why re-replace?

As you can see from the [list](https://webpress.jabelic.com/en), I could not submit any postings after the renewal. It is an operational failure. There were a few posts that were in the process of being written, but all of them were never uploaded.

Reasons for the operational failure are:

- I am not in the habit of visiting the microCMS admin panel, and it's a chore.
- The procedure for converting drafts made in Scrapbox or other software into microCMS decorations is cumbersome.

For these reasons, I decided to change to writing markdown on VSCode.

## Conclusion

I also stopped the architecture I thought of in [previous post](https://webpress.jabelic.com/en/articles/2023/1), and changed to a plain Nuxt configuration.

That is all.
