---
sitemap:
  loc: /en/articles/2024/2
  lastmod: 2024-03-07
  changefreq: monthly
  priority: 0.8
title: "v-tokyo"
description: ""
tags: [{ name: "blog" }, { name: "conference" }]
---

# Attended to v-tokyo

Recently, I attended the meetup event [v-tokyo](https://vuejs-meetup.connpass.com/) hosted by the Vue.js Japan User Group. This was my second participation in a Vue.js event, following VueFes2023. For details on the event's timetable and lightning talks, please visit the following link:

https://vuejs-meetup.connpass.com/event/309755/.

## Misunderstandings about Vue.js and How to Address Them

I would like to share a topic discussed at the v-tokyo social gathering. In the Vue.js community, the so-called "Anti Vue.js" issue often comes up in japan. This refers to the phenomenon where numerous tech blog are posted arguing that "other frameworks are superior," citing the weaknesses of Vue.js 2.x, the confusion during the transition from 2.x to 3.x, or incorrect information.

However, in the current Vue.js 3.4, many problems and issues have been resolved, and improvements are ongoing. Notably, the compatibility with TypeScript has significantly improved. Despite this, older articles or those with incorrect perceptions often appear at the top of search results, which I believe may negatively affect the share of Vue.js.

As a solution to this issue, I believe that it is effective to regularly post technical articles about Vue/Nuxt. I regard writing articles as a kind of "voting" to express my own views.

The fact that many old articles appear at the top of search results indicates that Vue.js users need to actively disseminate information. Although my interests are diverse and I don't currently have a habit of writing articles about Vue.js, I intend to make an effort to actively write articles to address this issue moving forward.
