---
sitemap:
loc: /en/articles/2024/3
lastmod: 2024-05-04
changefreq: monthly
priority: 0.8
title: "I Have Graduated from grad school"
description: ""
tags: [{ name: "blog" }, { name: "degree" }]
---

# I Have Graduated from grad school.
I attended Advanced Institute of Industrial Technology, commonly known as AIIT. This spring, I was able to graduate.

## About AIIT
AIIT is a graduate school for working adults, offering three courses:

- Innovation for Design and Engineering Course
- Information Systems Architecture Course
- Business Systems Design Engineering Course

I was enrolled in the "Information Systems Architecture Course".

## What I Did :thinking:
In the first year, I took lectures.
The master's degree is designed so that you have to earn credits, so I must get them all in the first year.

In the second year, I was doing a project called Project Based Learning (PBL). I was on an Agile project team (PT) where the team were learning about and developing Scrum development.

The product we developed was a "system for recommending alternatives to discontinued cosmetics". There were issues with data and straightforward manpower problems, which meant things did not go very smoothly, but we managed to shape it into a product nonetheless.

The product was provided as a web service, using Ruby on Rails for the API server and Next.js App Router for the web client. We started using App Router about a month after its release, it was big challenging things.

## What I GET from AIIT and PBL
First, I was able to define my specialty in the software field.

In my undergraduate studies, I focused on numerical calculations and dynamical systems, so I had virtually no expertise in software fields. Although I had some practical experience, obtaining a degree to formally demonstrate my expertise in software was significant.

It was also a great opportunity to work on a year-long PBL project with a topic I was not familiar with: Scrum Agile.
Before studying Agile Scrum, I understood that Scrum development methods were effective and I tried to comprehend them, but I didn't have the passion to choose it as a specialty. Rather, I was more interested in focusing on web technologies.

However, a year of activity and learning made the importance of systematic approaches and communication clearer. Indeed, there's a lot to understand through experience that you can't get just from reading books, and gaining these real experiences was truly valuable.

I've also become eager to explain the effectiveness of Agile Scrum to many people, so I've started compiling it in [Agile Note](https://agile-book.vercel.app/). I've only written about half of it so far, and I plan to change the structure probably.

## Would I Recommend AIIT to Others?
AIIT is a graduate school for working adults.

For those in the information field who wish to pursue a degree, I highly recommend it as a practical option.

Reasons:

- The "Credit Banking System" allows you to earn credits before enrollment, reducing the risk of dropping out due to insufficient - credits.
- There is a long-term enrollment system.
- Many entrance examinations are conducted, allowing for multiple attempts.
- The field is broad, with a variety of lectures related to the information field.

However, I might not actively recommend it to those who:

- Want to conduct academic research.
- Want to pursue a Ph.D. over five years.

## Looking Forward
Having studied Agile, I am considering making it the core of my career along with Web FrontEnd.